Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and
gentlemen. Today's movie is an edgy
coming-of-age story about a girl and her
experiences and her blog. This is...
Ask Me Anything
Our main character is Katie
Kampenfelt, a 17 year old who reflects on
her decision to take a gap year before
she goes to college. She wants to do it
to get some perspective on her future
and when Katie goes to her counselor she
suggested to blog during her gap year
Katie agrees though as soon as she
leaves she lights up a smoke she's not
as innocent as she seems
why is she actually taking a gap year?
Well a love affair of course! Meet Dan a
thirtysomething year-old guy who she
sleeps with and both of them are cheating
on their partners. Dan teaches film at a
community college and together they
usually watch classic movies and get
'physical'
Katie likes him because she feels smarter
next soon as she's getting it on, she
remembers something herself as a little
girl on a road trip with her dad when she
comes out of her flashback Dan tells her
that he's moving out closer to the
college it's not good for their
relationship though she convinces Dan to
continue their thing. Katie tells her mom
about her blog that she writes under a
fake name with changes made to hide the names of
the real people she talks about when Mr.
Moustache, our given name for the not-yet
stepdad of Katie comes in he
questions her choices something that he
does a lot based on how Katie storms off
while she walks around town we hear an
extract from her blog the reveals things
about her promiscuous nature
"What's your favorite number?" 69
she enters the Sam Johnson book shop to apply for a job
where she's hired by Glenn Warburg three
days a week $12 an hour in a room she
talks about how her blog has gotten a
lot of views though mostly from people
searching for creepy search words like
"blonde", "sex", and "high school" afterwards we
meet Rory he's her typical looking high
school boyfriend and while he's watches
TV Katie blogs about how her fans
don't care that she's cheating on her
boyfriend just that it's with an older
guy who had a girlfriend. In her defense
she didn't know he had a girlfriend at
first the next day after having sex Rory
Katie comes back to the book shop and
talks with Glenn where he describes
reading as a transcendent spiritual
experience. It's food for thought. She
goes to Dan's house which is abandoned.
he hadn't even said goodbye or called her
The only way she could see him now
is to go to him so she needs a car she
heads to her biological dad home where
she asks her dad into getting her a car
she fails to convince him and when she
leaves she gets a message from Joel
Seidler, a senior at Princeton who wants to
tutored Katie who wants to meet with her if she
can and she gets another message from a
girl named Jade
"I'm back, b***h!" *Katie laughs*
Her best friend who got back from Greece.They light up a nice little join in a cemetery
and have a typical girly chat. Jade is relieved when
Katie tells her that she isn't seeing Dan
since you know she has Rory though even
if Rory's around she could be a bit
loose. Later, she has a meeting of her mom
and 'Moustache" who tell her that Glenn the
bookshop owner was a convicted rapist and
she quits working at the bookshop lying
to him that it's because it wouldn't
look good on a resume
afterwards she gets a call from Paul
Spooner who has a job offer for her to
work as a nanny and offers a free car
Katie's thrilled! She can work and she'll
get a car too. She works as a nanny for
the son of Paul and Margaret Spooner but
she has to stop blogging to do so.
After Katie leaves work she makes a plan to
contact Dan: she goes over to Jade's home
where she and Jade called Dan and asked
him to call her later as she leaves she
gets a call from Joel again which he
ignores and she gets another call this
time from Dan who doesn't sound thrilled
that Katie has a car though he changes
his mind once she tells him that she can
give it a blowy. *Narrator laughs and muses*
Dan and Katie have sex and she has a
flashback to a memory of a man who
leaves her when she wakes up, Dan
confesses that he doesn't want to do
this anymore, Dan and his girlfriend
Martine have been engaged for a while, they're a lot closer in age and they're
compatible as Katie leaves she realizes
that Dan moved so that he could live of
Martine she returns home where Rory, her
mom, and Mr. Moustache have been waiting
for her. Katie lies that she saw a movie
and runs to her room Rory doesn't
believe her so she tells him that she's
been cheating on him Rory always hits
her but is kicked out by Mr. Moustache.
The next morning Katie confesses to her
mom about Dan and Katie's relationship
but lies to her about not having sex with
Dan. Her birthday is spent moping and she
confesses on her blog that she's glad
that Katie isn't her real name and
although miserable she drives to the
Spooner's house or they are having a
party she, mingles and drinks and has a
flirty moment with mr. Spooner when she
gets home she gets another call from
Joel who confesses that he wanted
someone to talk to since he almost
jumped out of a window during college
and since Katie had spent time in a
mental hospital, maybe she'd understand him.
At Christmas she gives gifts and cards
to her down in his new girlfriend of
Afreen. Later her dad reminisce about the
old days when they were younger and
closer in fact on the day her dad got
kicked out she held on to him as long as
she could except Katie doesn't recall this
moment to her dismay. At home she
complains: about her loneliness she broke
up with Rory and JD's busy with her new
boyfriend. Her mom and Moustache come in
and tell her that they got engaged after
that she calls Rory who reveals that he
has been sleeping with Jade and they
are now dating after leaving work she
gets a message from Joel and we finally
get to meet Mr. Seidler at Katie's
request they have wine and Katie
complains about Rory and Jade to Joel
Joel points out that Katie's bad luck is
due to her poor choices in men and her
lack of self-awareness which she snidely
accepts. That night she gets a call
it's about her dad: he had a fall and
something exploded in his brain. He's in
bad condition, later we find out that her
dad has passed away. In a somber blog
post she reflects on her dad's death she
has no one to talk to no guy to lean on
her dad is dead and Dan is busy over
Martine. There's no outlet and she misses
work because of it. Getting back to work
the life of the Spooner's has changed
Margaret has a full-time job now though
the baby still needs to be nannied so
Paul is eating lunch at home to keep the
baby company Katie and Paul have a deep
conversation about bad times moving on
and how when you're 30 bad things happen
and other things when she leaves she
gets her pay and a paper from Paul about
lessons about adulthood. Meeting with Joel
he realises why Paul wrote that: Paul
wants to bang Katie Joel also figures a
few things out about Katie
she likes sex, she's self-centered, she's
a borderline alcoholic, similar symptoms
to a girl that Joel knew so Joel asks
her if she was ever molested when she
was young she confesses to Joel that
they summer before her parents divorced
she was sent over to the next-door
neighbor's home to watch TV where she
was molested by a man and Katie admits
that it felt kind of good. She posts
about this in her blog and the reception
is mixed from name-calling to support
two comically missing the point
the next day Katie asks her mom to get
therapy. At the therapists office she
reveals that when she was 13 she had
taken a bunch of her mom's ambien and
broke it to a guy's house to confess to
him, he rejected her and she didn't take
it well. She was sent to a mental
hospital which was an experience that
made her not like therapy.
Miss Sherman, her therapist asks Katie to write a letter to the man
who molested her for her own relief she
listens to Paul complain about Margaret
and in a secretive way he gives her a
necklace she loves it and they share a
passionate kiss before Margaret comes in
she arrives home where she meets Rory
and they have sex during which she
remembers some things an older man who
drank and the little girl and after sex
she realizes that she's in love of Paul
Let's get a little real here for those
who are unaware: because she was molested and her dad left her at a young age
she became confused by what love is so she
filled the dad shape hole her heart with
the emotional and physical joy that sex
brings to her when she has sex with
older men. In the end, her sexual
adventures are out of this need for a
loving father. Out of this need for sexual control, out of this confusion
by what love is and so
she finds it in all the wrong places
Back to the movie.
Back at the Spooner
home she and Paul have sex and
experience that makes Katie feels
special and all this time she hasn't
blogged once. Later Katie forges the
email from her mom to cancel future
appointments with her therapist and
sometime after that she gets a call from
Joel who is bitter at her cold shoulder
treatment and is mad at her for
throwing away a platonic friendship with
the one guy who doesn't want to bang her
and actually cares about her beyond sex
she takes it personally, breaking down
into tears when she realizes how extreme
her reaction is she takes a pregnancy
test to check if it's due to hormones.
It checks positive that night Katie
tells Rory that she's pregnant though
she might abort it and it's probably not
Rory's. Rory is disgusting screaming at
her that she's such a whore so she tries
to call Joel only to find that he tried
to kill himself again
The Spooner's celebrate Paul's birthday
and while Margaret attends to the baby
Paul and Katie shamelessly take that
moment to make out after which she gives
him a birthday gift a poem admitting her
feelings to Paul which Paul rips apart
Katie's pregnancy is difficult and Paul
doesn't want anything to do with it so she tries to
get medicated and gets denied by her
therapist. A night walk has Katie deliver
a letter: the letter to the man who
molested her getting psychological
release after all this time but then she
meets her guidance counselor who gives
her words of encouragement after Katie
confesses to her how hard her gap-year is
Katie takes a strange turn for the night
and visits Glenn for advice she tells
him the truth about why she quit about
finding his criminal record and wants to
know what he did he tells her that a
long time ago he was a real
piece of work: rebellious, angry, dealing
drugs, and got dishonorably discharged
from the Army.
he slept of a prostitute after they got
drunk and high and since he couldn't
remember anything that happened he was
charged with rape. After hearing this
Katie tells about her baby and her fears
of having it he believes that she's
scared of what she'll feel after the
abortion but no one's felt bad about
having a kid and gives her some advice
Stop drinking. Stop smoking and stop
sleeping around. Just before she leaves
Glenn tells her to keep the baby and if
she can handle it he will take care of
it leaving her speechless as she relaxes
in the bath we cut to the film reel as
she wonders if she wants to stop
blogging if it's possible to become
normal, to be free from her blog and be
her own self: free from fame and
obligation and as the little girl jumps
into the lake, Katie chooses to live her
own life
fade to black but it's not over yet!
Meet Carol, the mother of Amy Grantham a.k.a. the
real Katie Kampenfelt. That's right we
were just another reader of Katie's blog
I mean she did say that she ran under a
fake name and she changed the names of
everyone involved in her life
Do you see what's happening here guys?
We just found out that we were just another one of the
readers of Katie's blog who all this
time had been imagining her life based
on what she wrote just to find out that
her real life is slightly different the
thing she said before were from her
final blog post before she just
disappeared. Before she left, Amy had
gotten a call from a blocked number but
other than that there is no trail for
anyone to follow.
Carol Grantham types out a final blog post about the reality of "Katie's" life or should I say, Amy?
Rory is a young man
named Aidan who would never hurt her, Dan
is a video store manager who was never
told that she was pregnant and the way
she wrote about their relationship was a
little inaccurate. The Spooners are a
small family though "Paul" denies any
sexual relations
Jake Seidler is much like Joel regretting
his last vicious voice message to Amy
Jade is a drug addict named Noel and
although she has a blocked number she
didn't call Amy
"Glenn" is Roy Olsen
whose story was mostly true except he never said he
would take care of her baby
She (Carol) asks Amy's fans to give her some information
any information about her baby girl
No matter how many times she reads Amy's
blogs, no matter how long they wait
they'll never know who would hurt Amy
because it seems that in Katie's world
everyone would
Thank you so much for watching ladies
and gentlemen if you enjoyed it leave a
like down below and subscribed to get
updated on our latest uploads now if
you'll excuse me I gotta take control of
my life